Visualization with {ggplot2} (#92)
epiverse-trace/tutorials-early: episodes/describe-cases.Rmd

This example demonstrates how to estimate the peak time using the `estimate_peak()` function at $95%$ 
confidence interval and using 100 bootstrap samples. 

## Visulaziantion with ggplot2

`{incidence2}` produces basic plots for epicurves, but additional work is required to create well-annotated graphs. However, using the `{ggplot2}` package, you can generate more sophisticated and better-annotated epicurves.

> `{ggplot2}` is a comprehensive package with many functionalities, but we will focus on three key elements essential for producing epicurves: histogram plots, scaling date axes and their labels, and general plot theme annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{ggplot2}` is a comprehensive package with many functionalities. However, we will focus on three key elements for producing epicurves: histogram plots, scaling date axes and their labels, and general plot theme annotation.
```

The example below demonstrates how to configure these three elements for a simple `{incidence2}` object.

```{r, message=FALSE, warning=FALSE}
breaks <- seq.Date(
  from = min(as.Date(dialy_incidence_data$date_index,
    na.rm = TRUE
  )),
  to = as.Date(max(dialy_incidence_data$date_index,
    na.rm = TRUE
  )),
  by = 1
)

ggplot2::ggplot(data = dialy_incidence_data) +
  geom_histogram(
    mapping = aes(
      x = as.Date(date_index),
      y = count
    ),
    stat = "identity",
    color = "blue",
    width = 1
  ) +
  theme_minimal() + # simple theme
  theme(
    plot.title = element_text(face = "bold", hjust = 0.5),
    plot.caption = element_text(face = "italic", hjust = 0),
    axis.title = element_text(face = "bold"),
    axis.text.x = element_text(angle = 45)
  ) +
  labs(
    x = "Date", # x-label
    y = "Number of cases", # y-label,
    title = "Daily outbreak cases", # title
    subtitle = "subtitle", # subtitle
    caption = "informative caption"
  ) +
  scale_x_date(
    breaks = breaks,
    label = scales::label_date_short()
  )
```

> To visualize an epicurve with different groups, use the group option in the mapping function. If there is more than one grouping factor, use the facet_wrap option, as demonstrated in the example below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the group option in the mapping function to visualize an epicurve with different groups. If there is more than one grouping factor, use the `facet_wrap()` option, as demonstrated in the example below:

```
